hello everybody today you will learn how
to make gimme some Mongo in English this
means they will mung beans with shrimp
and rapini this is a Filipino style
recipe ingredients you will need 1 and
1/2 cup mung bean make sure to wash this
ingredient 150 grams fresh shrimp remove
the shell 100 gram means pour 1 sliced
tomato 1 medium chopped onion 4 clothes
mince garlic you can use bitter melon
leaves and if you have them however this
time I will use rapini vegetables
instead since I can not find
bitter melon leaves 2 tbsp fish sauce 1
tablespoon cooking oil 2 cups water to
boil the mung bean dash of salt now that
you gathered all the ingredients here's
a p-series you need to follow turn the
stovetop on high heat and to get a pot
pour 2 cups of water let the water come
to a boil once the water comes to boil
add the mung beans cook the mung beans
for about 30 minutes or until it becomes
tender when you are cooking the mung
beans turn the stove top to low heat the
mung beans are tender so set it aside
for now and let's fry the rest of
ingredients now I'll get a skillet and
heat up the stove top to medium heat at
the cooking oil and let it become hot
once the oil becomes hot add the garlic
and onion then saute until it becomes
golden brown
our team in sport let it fry for 5
minutes then add the tomato
now at the front
let it fry for 3 minutes
after that I got this so the pork and
the shrimp are now Freud now add to the
mung beans pot
let it come to a boil then at the rapini
then at the salt and let it simmer for
one minute
after one minute it's ready to serve and
eat so all you have to do now is place
it in a serving dish
all righty guys this recipe is called
can he sang Mambo I hope you enjoyed
watching this video this recipe goes
good with fried skipjack tuna or fry
phenomenal to cut tomatoes and soya
sauce and rice if you have any questions
or concerns or if you have a recipe
request please send me an email my email
address is Peter Barca
also don't forget to subscribe to my
youtube channel then like share and
favorite all my video
my website address is www.vitac.com of
me on twitter and po5 my facebook
address is tubby tubby tubby
facebook.com for Sasha water fire TV
until next time Bon Appetit see you next
video bye for now